but
still here
since childhood
a responsibility
It is known that the moment to balance
young man
the idea was born enough
in reality
but after talking
I beg
March 10 in the glass is very long
what spouse was granted
attackers get good
free access not
feel very comfortable
possible reason
now women in society well what can
say about the exhibition
time she is so transient
space for some time remains with
us
but often we do not notice and looks in
the floor we look at the land we look at the asphalt
she often needs only victory depends
what a beauty around us
some people even have their own
representation about space
which
around us
every look at this space
he is unique
currently we are present
unique event reflected in
unique views of a unique person
Radchenko October
3 5
but I repeat we have a lot I can not
to tell that
I am far from concrete pay
I do not like
million tons
I look
it will be a place to dump of course
he is generally interested in my principle
people who have achieved some particular
fame
total according to plan
repeated trends yes that's what i'm very
I like to analyze certain things
there is no interest
look at some particular person
Not only
in terms of it, even a photo of creativity Athos it
the ways that that man went through me
what good pictures are they
cause here is one such Mutsoeva
it’s a pity too
photographed not
his opinion generates the opposite
creative impulse potential if
I want to be a singer
great-grandfather through the centuries some idea
there is that time which is forgiven
pondering this stuff on
on some kind of development some kind of own
ideas she gives me the opportunity to steam
we are against such a structure snapshot
who already does not look like anything
this land is a good shot this is kind
but a certain vector yes that is like a certain
the potential that does not give opportunity
go somewhere else but for yourself
just fine ceilings
his work amazes
so it is
work hearts
works fine space
unfortunately not every photographer
so i'm rashad just great
potaps
it is certainly interesting
Photo
unusual since
so how to affect
material that has now become
often reflecting other similar metals
meet old age
at least it seems to me
he was one of the first
hand volleys here it is
such a way
first of all it will be bad
except what I saw in all the works
drinks and even more so
if you are a true patriot
what is the general period of 12 for some reason her
attracts
do some other productions
finally that sense of use
bringing here into consideration that is this
lot
No, but I have enough basic
it's just explained here with
so for some reason I like the moment
shoot nude that is it
so really is as well
just possible all the same
I asked, but take off nicely
here is no one
no one bothers you to take off beautifully
beautiful
but this is the very common question itar
tass
ratio is digital and is
Russian language
does not have
i.e
I am all technical components
perceived as a certain singing which
can definitely hold there
but certain things make me like
viewers as a photographer care about that of course
the result is that if you could not
do something
produces not like reading to the viewers
what causes him certain feelings
it doesn't matter in what ways
this has reached me so it seems
I do not
at the end of September
I think you need
unusual saturday
respectively
e Lipetsk street
February 8
prehistory
I would like to think of the court so what
there is a person who sees in the eu countries
see in this no one considered that is
first of all
I would like it not to be forgotten too
them really yes
so would not want to get into the exhibition
called yes I didn't want to show
limit another world yes alternative then
there is something that does not exist in real
the world
she notes ephemeral fantasy
here and expressed
Clinton limit principle
conciseness